TODO      
    REFACTOR FRIDAY
    work
        beat up guy   
    be able to differentiate between spoiled
    BUG work kill 0 rats for $0 04-24-26    
    BUG degradable items being traded 04-24-26
    BUG NaN money after selling to human presumably 04-24-26
    tools still for sale in pawn shop
    unequip aligning left
    if too muhc in inventory, you can't move.
    eating spoiled food should give you stigma
    if you interact social and work is available, for trash, cancel it if it goes below 10
    BUG accepted mission and now its claiming stigma too high 04-24-26
    if inventory full by slots, I should still be able to stack shit I have
    show work missions on favorite and uatomatically favorite them when you accept the quest
    BUG screw driver went to -10% and didn't unequip 04-24-26
    set up max stigma for shops
    implement numbers right
    lifeforms shoudl come after you if they're attacking you
    lifeforms should go neutral if rand(1, max_health) > health && 1, max_stamina > stamina
BUGS
    BUG: trash is generating items with undefined name  04-21-26 - think I resolved this with new trash odds 04-23-26
        console.log isn't catching this for some reason
    BUG: street appears to be in indefinite loop. not sure why though 04-21-26
    BUG I can only trade one thing at a time. It won't let me keep trading - not consistent - not able to do it later 04-22-26
    BUG gamble causes NaN when below 0; 04-21-26
    BUG clicked something on ground and something else came out and couldn't click anymore 04-22-26
    Make dark different color than empty;

ABANDONED
    redo map loot and how i handled map data
    cant sell tool despite having one to humans    
    when your inventory is full, explain that's why you can't buy.
LATER
    selling doesn't draw from human's money
    maybe we can do a list of locations - specifically to show unexplored exist
    
    center location in map (sometimes its generated to the left of the screen or top of screen)
    be able to kill rats 
    be able to make a campfire
    be able to cook meat from rats
    tooltips for items
    prune place names if there are more than 3? 4? streets connected to a particular location
    instead of [1, 2, 3] lengths from street. Make it maybe more world-centric and have it be be "alley behind 123 Larch and 2012 Utah" instead of alley behind Larch [1] and Utah [2]
    rats should be able to exit if there's no food in the alley
    if a player equips a crate, they can carry more slots.
       
    when sleeping, heal 10% of your sickness and recalc if you're sick if you are not outside.
    when you hover over a button in a shop, highlight the price if its in a list and not on a button (mainly pawn shop)
    when you lose health, (or any lifeform) there's a random chance to lose consciousness if (1, 100) > health
    alcohol - negates stigma req for humans
    stimulants - negates stam drain to health when stam is 0
    crystal meth - stops stam drain temporarily
    cigarettes/caffeine - stops stamina drain for moving around
    pcp - deferred damage
    cocaine / crack - prevents losing consciousness (crack cheaper but causes max_health reduction)
        weed / heroin?
    homeless people in sewers should attack you

    SKILL tREE
        see humans that are able to be successfully begged Human.js:42 Uncaught TypeError: Cannot read properties of undefined (reading 'days')
    shopping cart
    bags

DESIGN
    can't meaningfully keep track of where stuff instead
        what if you can create chalk marks ? YES
    with marking, I can keep track of stuff but it still feels very overwhelming. like i feel like there's a good trade route somewhere but I can't meaningfully keep track in any way
        resolved
    NPCs don't heal